I love you as if you were my baby I like
the pretty eyes you've got and with your
Sweden girls now comes my lovely dog we
go out walking in the woods and play
catch the ball and meet all of your dog
friends there then major Seamus Brighton
shines whispers and
when I call you right
where are you spraying Omega I am
waiting come out I am here left come
back I don't want to play now I'm not
happy be sure I will get you this I tell
you Stoops pizza just ink up your Parker
Kapila but there you are knew that you'd
refer my lovely dog when I'm at home and
do my laundry my not just calmly throws
a glance when I hang up the sappy closes
shake quickly strikes she grabs whatever
she can find it leaves me far behind and
chews on it with pleasure until like my
own suck back I bet with too dark
where did you go where is my dog
where are you spraying
I am waiting come out I am here
I don't want to play now I'm not happy
be sure I will get you this I tell you
students picked up you stink up your
burger the peddler
well there you I knew that you'd return
my love leader
[Music]
you're sound asleep Miney
what do
dream that nature sure must write in
China we spend some duck sometimes and
when I call you - okay
where is my dog where are you saying
temeka I'm waiting
I don't want to play now I'm not happy
be sure I will get you this I tell you -
hey where are you staying
like I am waiting
I don't want to play it up I'm not happy
be sure I will get you this I tell you
stupid dog you're sticking up your bar
look at you I knew the dude with my
lovely dog
[Music]
I love you as if you were my baby my
lovely dog
you